--- 
title : Studying 
layout : post
---
I have I been studying math consistently since 3rd grade (I'm now in 7th grade). I thought I would share some things I picked up on about studying on a schedule.

The things I say about studying also applies for practicing.

If you want to study on a schedule there two ways you can do it.

1. Goal

	You can set yourself a goal e.g. "I will solve x problems" and then stop studying. This will prevent you from slacking off because no matter how much time has passed you can't stop (provided you stick to your goal). The bad part about this approach is that because your speed varies you don't study consistently using this method.

2. Timed

	You can set an amount of time to work each day. This makes a consistent schedule that you can get used to. The downside is that when working with a time limit you can get lost in thoughts and pass time without studying.

I use the time limit way myself though it's not a fixed time everyday: I have a weekly schedule with a set amount of time for every day of the week. I tailored my schedule to my classes (I study in my own subjects instead of sitting in some of my classes). 

When you use either of these methods you should make sure you should study enough. All success comes from working hard and the best scheduling doesn't help if you don't study enough. For example Tom Morello (the guitarist of Audioslave) practices the guitar 8 hours a day.

So study hard and get yourself a schedule.